---
layout: post
title: Week 12
---

# Readings
This week I read [Election fraud: Is there an open source solution?](https://opensource.com/article/19/9/voting-fraud-open-source-solution?) and I thought having an open source election 
platform, ElectOS, might make it easier for users and the government. As we all know all software have bugs in them, and that also applies to 
code that the government has. As shown in the article, during the Mississippi Republican gubernatorial primary in August 2019, the 
results were called into questions when a voting machine malfunctions. The machines and codes that the government uses to host these 
elections can be a decade old which makes it more prone to attacks and errors. But having an open source election platform can change all that. 
For one, the code would not be outdated since it is open source, people can always contribute to it and in the article they mention that voters can
also vote on their devices. I think that the government should switch over to an open source election platform becasue that would mean
everyone can see the code and if anyone sees a bug they can fix it. 

# Project contributions
This week there was a bug with the [project](https://github.com/Bhupesh-V/30-seconds-of-cpp) I was working on. This week I 
felt more familiar with the work flow of github. I am less dependent on a cheat sheet now and it takes less time for me to contribute to projects now.
When I was working on the project I kept getting an error where it showed that it could not merge with the repository. I was frustrated
since I did not know what was going wrong. The contributions that I make to this repository is more of a guide or dictionary for 
c++ funtions so there should be no coding "error" on my part. A friend saved me a little later by telling me to look at the current state
of the whole project and there was a tag showing that it was the project that was not compiling correctly. I learned now that sometimes the
project may crash due to other contributors and I have to check that next time before anything.

# Summary of the week
This week I read  [Election fraud: Is there an open source solution?](https://opensource.com/article/19/9/voting-fraud-open-source-solution?) and contributed to a project. I learned
to check the project status before anything. I also walked around my home for a little while and took note of the stores that changed. I then updated
Open Street Maps on the changes I saw.
