---
layout: post
title: Week 13
---

# Readings

This week I read a blog post by Tom Callaway, [Musings on business models for open source software](https://spot.livejournal.com/327801.html)
and in his blog post, he talks about the different business models and strategies  for companies that use open source. One model that stood out to me
was the open core model. This is where a company has an open source core but they also have proprietary software. This means that the 
backbone of the program is available for everyone but not all of the functions are included. Although Callaway said that this model is like a “half-pregnant state", 
I think this is a good model to introduce companies.
This model has a low risk but a low reward. If you compare this to companies that just sell proprietary programs, this might not make
as much money but contributors can still add to the community and still have an income from selling code. I can definitely see how this can be seen as an anti-open source model because not everything is free, but like
stated in the article " They hated the lock-in model of proprietary software, not because they had to pay, 
but more specifically, because they were stuck on software that was not entirely meeting their needs and for which the vendor was not providing good value for the money" (Callaway).
But with this model users can access and see the base code and if they want more they can pay and hopefully the program they buy will also allow the users to access and modify it if necessary.


Another article I read this week was [8 advantages of using open source in the enterprise](https://enterprisersproject.com/article/2015/1/top-advantages-open-source-offers-over-proprietary-solutions) written by
Lee Congdon. I believe that companies that sell proprietary software should show their code to the public; Companies should switch to an open core model.
With the open core model, the company attract new and better contributors, reason #6 "Attract Better Talent". If a company keeps their code private only the employees of the company can see and edit the code, but
as a computer scientist you know there will always be someone out there that has made a better version of your code. Keeping code open to the public
means that these people can contribute to the parts they are more excited about and slowly the program will improve all due to open source software.

# Reflection

After reading the articles, I would not mind working in a company that produces open source software only. I believe that open source
programming really grow the computer science community and it helps the users grow as a programmer. Having code that you made that is under you name
can also boost work moral. I feel that if my name was more known when I make programs, I would always have a drive and stay motivated to contribute and help other people.
My dream job is a job where I can work remotely. I would love to travel around the world while working on something I am passionate about.
I would also like my dream job to have an open source option because after hearing Billy from Factset, contributing to open source
programs can boost moral also. In ten years, I would like to see more companies basing their business model on the open core model where the
base or backbone of the code is available to everyone but certain functions are reserved. I believe that companies should give the users
control over their own code and allow them to do what they want with it. 

# Project

Over the break, I was able to work on [30 Seconds of C++](https://github.com/Bhupesh-V/30-seconds-of-cpp). The current build for this
program is failing because it is using Travis CI to check for errors and the previous contributor used a the newest version of c++, C++2a. 
I saw this and I brought it up in a issues tab. The moderator gave me permission to work on it and I completed it; Currently waiting for 
the moderator to merge. Although the semester is almost over, I will still continue to contribute to this project. I really liked
how there is a [blog](https://bhupesh.codes/30-Seconds-of-C++/) that shows new users why they should learn C++ and how to. They even provide 
some links to ones new users shouldn't look at because it may be too advanced for them. 








