---
layout: post
title: Week 4 
# Comment on your experience with the Git activity that you did in class today. Was it useful? Was it confusing? Did you have
# time to finish? Did you have merge conflicts? Were you able to resolve them?
# What are your reactions to the above on-line readings. Pick one or two that made an impression on you and articulate your
# thoughts about them.
---
Using Git today through terminal was very useful in my opinion. Although I had some complications with my machine, when I 
fixed the problem I found that using git on terminal was useful. Being able to access files and commit files through terminal 
allows the user to work faster. Rather than going onto the site it self, the user can pull, push, and commit through terminal. 
At first using Git through terminals was confusing. I had a weird error where I was not able to commit files but after I found
another way to commit files, things became easier. Because I had this error, I did not get any merge errors since my team was
already done with activity before me but I learned that there might be some error when two or more people were accessing the
same file at the same time.

After reading "A Beginner's Very Bumpy Journey Through The World of Open Source" I found out I was not the only one who felt
this way about contributing to open source projects and that makes me feel better. Like what I said in my previous post,
contributing to open source projects was scary and confusing to me and I'm glad that someone else felt the same way as me.
This encourges me to not be as afraid to contribute to open source and to ask questions if I have any. When I was trying to 
find an open source program to contribute to, I was focused on finding the right one. I wanted to find something that was 
easy enough so I would not mess up anything but I also wanted something challenging so it wasn't just fixing a colon to a
semicolon. But after reading this article, it motivated me to just start and slowly but surely, I'll improve and get better
