---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---
## Some of the ten statements discussed in this short article are things you might have thought before you took this course, and some you still might not have realized. In your blog for Week 3, write about what you have learned so far with respect to these statements. For example, did you know that it is not always free of cost? Try to be specific and try to give examples.

When I first heard of open source, I had a general idea of what it was; "Free" software that the user can use and edit or
contribute to. But after taking this open source course and reading the article, I learned much more. When I was looking 
into contributing to open source software, I thought I had to be a super coder or someone who was super smart because I 
was afraid to make a mistake with my contributions. I also thought my contributions had to be revolutionary. But after reading 
some articles and learning more in the class, I learned that contribution to open source software can be easy and simple. I 
did not need to be the next Zuckerberg to contribute to open source projects. In fact, I've already done some contributions on
OpenStreetMaps. I was also unaware that I was already using some open source software before taking this course. For instance,
I've been using Firefox for years before I learned that it was actually an open source software. Another thing that surprised
me when I was reading this article was open source software is not always free. This surprised me because I learned that a 
company can actually earn a lot through just open source. 
