---
layout: post
title: Week 6 
---
# In this week's blog, write about which projects you looked at, why you rejected them, which are still possible, and which look good to you.

After reading section 5 of the article [How to Contribute to Open Source](https://opensource.guide/how-to-contribute/#how-to-submit-a-contribution), I
feel more confident in asking questions if I need help with contributing to a project. The article showed me that people need 
more context or clarification especially when they are first contributing to a project and it is okay to ask for more help. There
were some points that might have seem obvious, for instance, be respectful, but there were other points that I did not think of.
Sometimes I forget to put enough detail into my questions and I end up asking something along the lines of "Help me please?". I
also did not know that messaging maintainers should be public unless it is something like a security issue or a misconduct issue.
After reading these articles, I started looking at a few open source projects that I can potentially contribute to.

### [30 Seconds of C++](https://github.com/Bhupesh-V/30-seconds-of-cpp/labels/beginner-friendly)
 * When I first searched for a project I went on https://up-for-grabs.net and looked for a first timer tag. 
 * I wanted this to be in C++ because I am most familiar with this language
 * I enjoyed how this repo had a discord, a group voice call application; I am familiar with this application
### [Forgottenserver](https://github.com/otland/forgottenserver)
 * This is written in C++ 
 * I enjoy playing video games and this is an open source mmorpg game
 * This project requires me to download other applications to run the game
 * Con: Some issues may require more knowledge than I already have so I might be causing more trouble for the maintainers
### [C++ Primer](https://github.com/pezy/CppPrimer)
 * This is solving problems for a text book
 * Can help for practice
 * Probably not a project I would like to first commit to
### [LMMS](https://github.com/lmms/lmms)
 * Interesting project because I have played with music production before
 * Seems like a very active project
 * After reading this [Issue Thread](https://github.com/LMMS/lmms/issues/50970) the community does not seem toxic
 * Con: might take a while for me to understand what is happening in the project
 
# Comment on the talk by Karen Sandler
Karen Sandler, the executive director of the Software Freedom Conservancy, was a guest speaker for our class. She talked a lot 
about software licensing and what she does for her job. The part that stood out to me most was when she was talking about her heart
condition and how she needed a pacemaker. But even though this happened to her, she still looked forward and was optimistic about it; Her
cyborg party. She mentioned how when she was pregnant with a pacemaker, the pacemaker would accidently shock her because her heart was beating faster
than normal due to her pregnancy and because of that she started thinking about the source code of the pacemaker. This really opened my eyes
to the world of software freedom. 

# Summary of the Week
This week there was a guest speaker, Karen Sandler, which did an amazing job educating us on her job, experiences and on licenses. 
I learned a lot about what happens if someone does not follow the terms of a license. I also gain a lot of insight on the open source world
and software freedom. I read some articles on how to contribute to an open source program and I found a couple of projects that I might
be interested in contributing to.
