---
layout: post
title: Week 14
---

# Reflection

Before I took this class, I thought I would only be taking this class for the credits and to learn a bit about open source, so I was able to add some work to my portfolio. I came into the class, not thinking it was much but it was actually one of the more enjoyable courses I have taken this semester. I thought this was going to be one of those courses where you are assigned to contribute to a Wikipedia page and that was it but there was much more. I really enjoyed the guest speakers that came and talked about their everyday lives because those lives might become one of ours one day. I also really like the other things we learned in the course other than the open source materials, like the Linux commands. I thought this was very helpful especially since I ran into some trouble with my machine and I was not able to add or commit anything unless I remotely accessed Hunters servers.

This class has opened my eyes to open source programming. Before this course, I thought open source was just a fun way for people to fiddle with code, share something cool they made, or to build a student’s portfolio so that potential employers can see what the student did. After the first couple of weeks, I started to realize that the open source community was bigger than that and there are companies like Red Hat that use open source to make money. And after reading more articles, I learned that open source could possibly change technology as we know it. Now with open source BIOS, users can now have complete control of their machines. 

Looking back at my earlier entries, I can say that this class has surpassed what I've expected to learn. Now if I were to choose a project, I would choose a harder project to work on; perhaps something that I can run on my machine. And I noticed how scared I was contributing to programs. After committing a few times, I learned that there is no need to be afraid of messing up because everyone messes up and all code has bugs, no matter how well of a programmer you are. Because I realized this, I will continue to contribute to open source projects on my own time because it is a great way to test your skills and work with other people to produce something that might help the community. I can see I have grown in this class and I am excited to see where these new skills will take me in life.
