---
layout: post
title: Week 5 
---
# The article on finding a project to which you can contribute has a great amount of information and advice. It also has links to other webpages that help you in finding projects. Explore these links and comment on which might prove to be useful, and whether they have helped you to narrow down your search.

This week I read the article [How to contribute to Open Source](https://opensource.guide/how-to-contribute/#finding-a-project-to-contribute-to) and 
I learned that contributing to open source programs is fairly easy and encouraged. Simply correcting a typo in the README file
can help developers a lot. I also really like how the article contained questions to ask yourself when you want to contribute to
and open source program. These questions help a lot especially for beginners because the first time you want to contribte, it can be 
intimidating and you forget about the things you can do. The article also shares some information about how the community in the project works
and thought that was an important thing to go over. When you first want to contribute to a project, the last thing you want is
someone telling you you're useless to the project so by including some advice on how to tell if the project is welcoming to new contributors is very helpful.
The article also included some links to help you get started in contributing on projects which is thought was very helpful. I've
personally used some of the sites that were listed when I was first looking into contributing to open source projects.

# Make some comments about all of this git and GitHub stuff you learned about this week. Hard? Easy? Confusing? Useful?

This week, we did a lot of hands on activity in the classroom with GitHub and I thought that was super useful. At first when I was going over
the instructions alone, I was a bit lost but since we were able to work in groups, it helped a lot since I was next to my peers.
Working in these groups also taught me about the workflow of an open source project. Since I was a maintainer for one of the 
in class activities, I got to learn how a maintainer worked. Having to read code and judge if it is worthy to be in the program is a
very stressful task. I also had to work as a contributor also and I thought that was interesting. At first when I was trying to 
solve an issue, I ran into some difficulties. I named some files incorrectly and ended up restarting the whole process, but after 
I got the hang of it, it was simple. The more I played with the GitHub commands, the more it became second nature to me.

# Summary of the week

This week we focused heavily on workflow and how it's like to work in an open source environment. I ran into some problems when I 
was trying to solve some issues on the project. We also familiarized  ourselves with git and GitHub commands which was very useful 
because that meant that we are improving our skills as open source contributors. 
