---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---

This week I choose an issue to work on. Last week we choose a repository to contibute to
and I choose [30 Seconds of cpp](https://github.com/Bhupesh-V/30-seconds-of-cpp). When I
was looking for a issue to fix, I realized that a lot of the menus and links were not updated 
yet. There was also still a lot that could be added. I decided to add cbegin to the sets
folder. I had to give an example of the code and describe what it does. After I finished, I started
to update some of the menus they had. For instance, under the [sets](https://github.com/Bhupesh-V/30-seconds-of-cpp/tree/master/set)
folder, there was a checklist that shoes the things that need to be done and are done. There are
things in the check list that were not updated yet so I decided to help contribute to that also.

This week I also read an [article](https://dri.es/balancing-makers-and-takers-to-scale-and-sustain-open-source) by Dries Buytaert.
It was very interesting to see how the world works around open source. Before I started taking a course on
open source, I thought that open source was just something people do for a hobbie and it was something
that helps college students show their skills on a resume. But after taking this course, 
I found out many companies use open source software and they are able to make money off it. In the 
artile, Buytaert talks about makers and takers where makers are people who contribute and maintain open source
projects while takers are mainly people who take open source code and try to make money from it. The difference between what makers 
and takers make is also very surprising. If a taker does not contribute but uses the code, they often make more money than the
makers that also do try to use their code to make money. This being the case, most people would just try to take the code rather than
contributing to it themselves. 

# Summary
 This week I used GitHub for another class I was taking. I am currently taking an Advance 
 visulation tools course and our group decided to share everything on github. I was very excited
 about this face becasue I am now more familiar with GitHub and working through github espically for 
 another course is great for practice. This week I also made some contributions to [30 Seconds of cpp](https://github.com/Bhupesh-V/30-seconds-of-cpp)
 and I read an [article](https://dri.es/balancing-makers-and-takers-to-scale-and-sustain-open-source) by Dries Buytaert.
