---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---

This week we had a guest speaker, Bill Reyner, come in and talk to us about open source and its relationship to corporate jobs.
I thought it was very interesting because I would have never guessed a private company would tell their employees to contribute to 
open source projects. Reyner said that it helped employees feel like they are contributing to something when they are working
which I thought was also a very important thing to have. I feel like when I find a job somewhere, I would like my contributions
to a project to be noticed. Reyner also talked about licensing and how that was important for the company. If a piece of code
has copyleft laws on it, then that would mean that the whole project would have to be released under the same conditions. For
a private company whose income is dependent on its private source code, this would cause them to lose a lot of clients. It was very
interesting to see a real life example of the life of a software engineer at a corporate company.

This week I also decided on what open source project to contribute to. After browsing many plausible projects, I decided to 
work on 30 seconds of C++. This project is a collection of C++ STL libraries that can be learned in 30 seconds or less. At first
I did not want to contribute to this project but I ended up deciding to work on it because this can really test my technical skills, if needed, and 
I was pretty comfortable with the things that they have since we learn a lot about the topics in class. When I was looking for a project
to contribute to, I really wanted it to be in C++  because I was the most familiar with the language. 

## Summary:
This week I choose a project to work on and Bill Reyner came in to talk to us about Open source.
