---
layout: post
title: Week 5 
---

This week, I read [The Cathedral and Bazaar](http://www.catb.org/~esr/writings/cathedral-bazaar/cathedral-bazaar/index.html#catbmain) and it was
a very interesting read. In The Cathedral and Bazaar, the author, Eric Steven Raymond compares open and closed software. He compared
closed software like building a Cathedral where programs should be created by a small band of people who worked alone but when he
came across Linux, he was impressed. He saw Linux's openness as like a Bazaar where everyone was able to see and contribute to programs. When Raymond
was presented the opportunity to test out this structure, he did so and it worked very well. When I first took this class, I thought the
cathedral method was going to be the faster method. The cathedral method is more organized and the jobs that were given out were given
out to people with skill but soon after I changed my mind. Taking this open source class has led me to believe that code should be 
open to everyone and they should be able to edit the code themselves. When you open the source code to people, they can take the code
and modify it to their own needs. When this happens another user can stumble upon it and build upon it and slowly improving it or 
changing it so that it helps their own need.

I have also found a project to work on. I decided to work on 30 seconds of C++. I decided to work on this because there are
some beginner issues that I can work on and it is not too complicated to work on them. One issue they have is running code
link in segments. This is great to start with and great to get used to working on github with other members that I am not
physically with. I hope after contributing to this project I am able to contribute to harder ones.


This week I read The Cathedral and Bazaar. I also decided to work on 30 seconds of c++. In class we experienced how it is to 
work on Github. we also used Gitg to see a diagram of what was actually happening when we were fetching and merging. It was 
very helpful to see a representation of what we were doing


