---
layout: post
title: Week 10 
---
# Reading
This week I read [System76 introduces laptops with open source BIOS coreboot](https://opensource.com/article/19/11/coreboot-system76-laptops?utm_campaign=intrel) where they talk about this idea where they have an open source BIOS, coreboot. Coreboot is an open source firmware that can replace your BIOS or UEFI and it focuses on boot speed, security, and flexibility. Usually users have no access to their machine's BIOS but with coreboot users can modify and see the source code. Coreboot is designed to boot your operating system with out any comprimise and without all the outdated code. When I read this I thought back to [The Cathedreal and Bazzar](http://www.catb.org/~esr/writings/cathedral-bazaar/cathedral-bazaar/index.html). I thought this was an amazing thing becasue now users can modify their computers to do anything they want. Since the source code is open for everyone, people can also contribute and modify it so it fits their needs. 

I also read the article [Open Source Firmware](https://cacm.acm.org/magazines/2019/10/239673-open-source-firmware/fulltext) by Jessie 
Frazzele.This article was very informative and it help explain how opensource firmware can be better. Something that stood out to me 
in this article was when Frazelle said that in most of our current systems the code with the most privilege has the least visibility 
which means that it is easy for hackers to get in. A solution to this was using an open source firmware where code with the most 
privilege is seen the most. The article continues on with other exploits our modern systems have and some solutions to make it better. This to me was an eyeopener. 

I have to admit that open source firmware was the last thing I would have though of. When I was reading the first article on coreboot, I was not completly onboard with the idea. Becasue not everyone has good intentions, it can be easy to install something that might cause a security risk or the user can just as easily mess up some files if they don't know what their doing but after reading the second article, it changed my mind. Having the option to change and see what your computer is doing is a much better option than not seeing anything. The second article talk about the security risk our modern systems have and how theres not much we can do about it; But having the option to edit and see the source code gives the user some power back. 

# Progress
This week when I was working on the repository, I was confused. Turns out someone had worked on something that I did a while ago and it was burried under all the pull requests so I did not see it. When I checked I saw someone elses work there. After this I learned to check before working on it. But it seems that the maintainer did some work since the pull request and issues are lower. This week I looked for another topic I was able to write about in the repository and I did it. I am currently trying to familiarize myself with the process; I usually refer back to a cheat sheet but I've been trying to contribute to this repository without it.

# Summary
This week there was a guest speaker that came to our class and he talked about Bloombergs involvement with open source. Unfourtantly I was not able to attend this class becasue I felt very sick that day but after asking some classmates about it seems very informative. It is amazing how Bloomberg also values open source programs and how they have an open source day. I feel like Bloomberg has more of an involvement when compared to FactSet.

This week I also found out what I did for my contribution was not needed which sucked. I learned to check both the pull requests and issues before I choose something to work on. 
